CORE-3592: Improve the documentation (#37)
jampp/migratron: docs/installation.rst

.. _installation:

============
Installation
============

Install the system dependencies. For Debian based distributions,
they are:

.. code-block:: bash

    apt-get install -y gcc python3-dev libpq-dev

.. note::

    Use python2-dev if you are running migratron when using Python 2.7
    instead of Python 3.X

You can install ``migratron`` as another Python package:

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install migratron

Or you can install it from the repo:

.. code-block:: bash

    cd $WORKSPACE
    git clone https://github.com/jampp/migratron.git
    cd migratron
    python setup.py install

> You will require different setup based on the database against
> you need to run the migrations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will require different setups based on the database against which
you need to run the migrations.
```
